Fixing that occ needs to be set to executable if not already done. (#478)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/maintenance/upgrading/manual_upgrade.adoc

= Manual ownCloud Upgrade
:toc: right
:toclevels: 1
:description: This document describes how to manually upgrade your ownCloud installation. Because installations can vary, this guide can only give an overview of methods and examples.
:page-aliases: maintenance/manual_upgrade.adoc

== Introduction

{description} These examples need to be adapted according your needs and your environment.

> NOTE: This guide assumes that you have basic knowledge about Unix terminology, commands and concepts. In case you do not feel familiar with this, ownCloud highly recommends that you create a playground first to try the steps and/or get, if you are entitled to, in touch with ownCloud Support to avoid breaking your system or data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This guide assumes that you have basic knowledge about Unix terminology, commands and concepts. In case you are not familiar with these, ownCloud highly recommends that you create a playground first to try the steps and/or get in touch with ownCloud support to avoid breaking your system or losing data.
```

== Manual Step-by-Step Upgrade

> Note that this procedure is not an in-place upgrade but an upgrade to a new directory identical named as it was originally set. This ensures that no code or settings can orphan or get overwritten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this procedure is not an in-place upgrade but an upgrade to a new directory identically named as originally set. This ensures that no code or settings can get orphaned or overwritten.
```

=== Copy Relevant config.php Content

> With the new source files now in place of where the old ones used to be, copy all `\*config.php` and `*.json` files (if one exist) from your old ownCloud directory to your new ownCloud directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the new source files now in place of where the old ones used to be, copy all `\*config.php` and `*.json` files (if any exist) from your old ownCloud directory to your new ownCloud directory:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
sudo find -L /var/www/owncloud -type f -print0 | xargs -0 chmod 640
----

* For all directories use `0750`
+
[source,bash]
----
sudo find -L /var/www/owncloud -type d -print0 | xargs -0 chmod 750
----

> * Set the occ command to executable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the occ command to executable:
```

=== Start the Upgrade

> With the apps disabled and ownCloud in maintenance mode, start the xref:configuration/server/occ_command.adoc#command-line-upgrade[upgrade process] from the command line, note the example is based on Ubuntu Linux, execute this within the ownCloud root folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the apps disabled and ownCloud in maintenance mode, start the xref:configuration/server/occ_command.adoc#command-line-upgrade[upgrade process] from the command line. Note that the example is based on Ubuntu Linux. Execute this within the ownCloud root folder.
```
